# My application for managing a task list

It is a simple application that allows users to:
create, read, update and delete tasks in a list.

## Startup instructions

1. **Clone the repository**
   Run the following command to clone the repository on your local machine:
   https://github.com/NikaPoliukova/Todo-List.git

2. **Launch the application**

To run the application you need to have:

1. MySQL Workbench
   (in the configuration file application.yml set the username and password)
2. Maven

Now you can use the task management app!

** Feedback: **

1. Was it easy to complete the task using AI?
   Yes, it was relatively easy to complete the task using AI. The AI provided the necessary guidance and code snippets
   to help me achieve the desired outcome.

2. How long did the task take you to complete? (Please be honest, we need it to gather anonymized statistics)
   The task took approximately 2 days to complete.

3. Was the code ready to run after generation? What did you have to change to make it usable?
   The code generated by AI was a good starting point, but I had to make several adjustments to make it fully usable.
   This
   included adding error handling, optimizing performance, and enhancing code readability.

4. Which challenges did you face during the completion of the task?
   There were issues with dependency versions,chat had to ask the same question several times.

5. Which specific prompts did you learn as good practices to complete the task?
   Ask questions one at a time, and provide a clear description of the task.

